---
title: "Cookies"
banner_title: "Cookies"
banner_meta: ""
description: ""
yoast_keyword: ""
---

# Cookies

By continuing to use our website, you confirm that you agree with the following policy. If you do not agree, please leave the site immediately.

## What's a Cookie?
A “cookie” is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or browser and which records how you move around a website. They may enable an enhanced visitor experience or be used to analyse traffic for advertising and marketing purposes. Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.

If you want to check or change the cookies you accept or block them, you can do so in your browser settings. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.

# Types of Cookies
Cookies are either:

1. **Session cookies**: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer;

2. **Persistent cookies**: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We use persistent cookies for Google Analytics.

**Cookies can also be categorised as follows:**

- **Strictly necessary cookies**: These cookies are essential to enable you to use a website effectively and therefore cannot be turned off. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
- **Performance cookies**: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
- **Functionality cookies**: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.
- **Targeting cookies**: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.

We may use any or all of the above types of cookie.

## How do we use Cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website and to improve your experience whilst on the site. This enables us to understand how visitors use the site and track any patterns with regards how our website is used. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what visitors might need or want.

Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical / performance cookies or targeting cookies.

### Cookies

| No      | Name                  | Expiration time | Description                                                                                                                             |
|---------|-----------------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1       | _ga                   | 2 years         | Used to distinguish users                                                                                                               |
| 2       | _gat                  | 1 minute        | Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_{property_id}. |
| 3       | _gid                  | 24 hours        | Used to distinguish users                                                                                                               |
| 4       | gwcc                  | never           | Google Website Call Conversions. This cookie is used to track customers who click telephone links on our site                           |
| 5       | wordpress_test_cookie | never           | A test cookie generated by wordpress to see if cookies are enabled within your browser                                                  |